Your name
CSCI-305

10. There is a lot of cyclical use of the same phrase once a trigger word is
activated. Most notably, the phrase "the world is a litter girl in..."
is continually called if any word within it is used. This is rather common
because of how popular "the", "a", and "is" are in song titles.

14. Many titles follow patterns because a cycle is formed at some point in them.
For example, if the word "my" is used at some point, and then a few mcw calls
later it occurs it again, it is extremely likely that a cyclical pattern will
be formed. The only time it is not is when either the pattern is larger than
20 words or if the trigger word has two tied "most common words" following it.

15. I had an extremely difficult time finding a song that terminates before
20 characters. The only exception would be when a word is entered that has
no occurences of a most common word following it. Examples of that involve
rather uncommon song words like "dataset" or non-words like "sdasasd"
(obviously).

16. In order to solve repetition, I had to treat this issue in the same way
as finding cycles in graphs. Therefore, the simple solution was to keep track
of the words that were used as the title was being formed, and if a word came
up twice it would not be used and the title would be finished.

19. No, I do not always get the same value from "bob." Each call to bob leads
to the word marley, but this word can branch out to both song, purt, me, etc.
These words in turn branch out to other words. The title differs each time
because of the randomization implemented in the mcw function which handles
when there is a tie for the most common word after a word.

20. "We are you" is a rather interesting result.

21. I enjoy the syntax of loop/iteration structures like while or for loops.
They are pretty hard to use at first because of my experience with Java and
C, but they became really powerful once I became comfortable with them.

22. I heavily dislike online resources for troubleshooting ruby. While Java
has many drawbacks, its API feels substantially better than any ruby guide or
manual I was able to find. Some keywords were especially hard to look up, and
the flexibility of Ruby also makes it challenging to understand the meaning of
code.

23. I really enjoyed the end result, it was a really interesting project and
inspired me to look into more projects involving big data. Some of the results
were particularly funny or telling about syntax. I did think that some of the
lab was challenging because it was neither covered in class nor easily found
anywhere online (answers about how to detect non-standard characters like the
upside down punctuations).

24. I spent around 6 hours directly on the lab, with occasional research
outside of that time about Ruby and regular expressions.

25. I think I would use Ruby if I wanted to work with data or make a web crawler.
Otherwise I might stick to Java/C++ or JavaScript. 
